Disgusting
gross.
Tastes like dirty socks.
The rice is too stick and I hate everyone who works here.
I would rather eat anywhere else.
This food is disgusting.
It is not good.
This is very bad.
Never had worst service and I wish I had gone to McDonalds instead.
Tastes like feet.
This okra is so slimy and was obviously frozen. I can't even.
The stinky tofu, smells like shit, and tastes like it too. Gross
Ew.
my chimnichunga is soggy and they forgot my sour cream. Not cool bro.
I did not find this place worthy of a second visit at all. I go the macchiato along with the hazelnut and ricotta Crumpet. The macchiato was disgusting. The crumpet was ok. They were using microwaves to cook them in...not good at all.
Typical low-end buffet quality sushi.I've gotten better quality poke at a local Kroger. I felt a nauseated feeling hours later.
Tastes like dirty socks. Ew
not good.
So gross.
Awful food. I will never eat here again. Everything tastes like poop. Ew
This is so gross. Disgusting
I hated everything I ordered. Evey thing was soggy and cold. I have never been more disgusted by a meal in my life. Ew
If you want a terrible meal, this is the place to go. Never coming back.
Everything was dirty and smelled like old gym socks.
My meal was tough and overcooked. It was a shame.
Couldn't find a worse cheeseburger. The patty was overcooked and the onions were undercooked. I got food poisoning and was sick for 2 days.
Received unwanted items on my order. It was very upsetting to me. I was completely unimpressed by the service I recieved at this restaurant.
I hated everything I ordered.
This is the worst thing I have ever eaten. Never coming back. Ew
There were flies in my salad. This restaurant should be shut down immediately. Disgusting
I hated everything on the menu. Everything was covered in grease and I felt like I was giving myself a heart attack just eating their food.
How could anyone enjoy this meal? There is absolutely no way I can choke this down. It's so terrible. I can't even.
Just Ew
absolutely disgusting.
I can't believe that this is even edible. Tastes like shit. Ew
I didn't know a place could even get this dirty. I'm afraid to eat anything here.
So gross.
This is the worst pho ever. Noodles were undercooked and too hard to eat. The veggies were not fresh and the stock was clearly from a can.
This food is not good. I can't explain how disgusted I was while trying to choke down this meatloaf. The potatoes were rubbery and tasted like glue. The meat was overcooked and so dry. I am never coming back here again.
I have never been so disgusted in all my life. After getting my order wrong, I noticed a hair in my salad.
Nothing here is good. I've come here 3-4 times and every time ordered something different. Every time I've been disappointed.
This place is not good. Wouldn't recommend this to anyone looking for fresh sushi. pretty mediocre.
It's not great. There are so many places they could improve. The restaurant was not clean, the food was way overcooked and dryed out, nothing fresh was on the menu. So many better restaurants in the area.
nothing good. I've been here like 3 times and literally nothing good is on their menu.
not good
This place is not good. I will not be returning.
LOL WTF these are the smallest cod I've ever seen. Could have gottem more fish at McDonalds boo.
